README.md, before:

# Vocabulary

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Add project description (README.md)

README.md, after:

# Vocabulary-angular

This application's goal is to help learning vocabulary in another language. 
The user can add words in a list. For each word, there is a translation.
The user can display all the words or words from a specific list.
Later, the user will be able to do a quizz. The program will display a word and the user will write the translation. It will be also possible to do the opposite (a translation is displayed, and the user writes the word).

Features available: 
- Display all the words
- Display the words of a specific list
- Add word in a list or a new list
- Remove word

SCENARIO
1.  The program displays all the words or words of a specific list
2.  The user adds a word in a list or in a new list:
	-	The user writes a word.
	-	The user writes the translation.
	-	The program saves the word and the translation in the list.
3.	The user chooses to start a quizz:
	-	The program displays a word.
	-	The user writes a translation.
	-	The program displays if it's a good answer or not.
